today iran launched a retaliatory
missile attack against u.s troops in
iraq and our prayers are with the troops
and our allies but this is when
it becomes particularly preposterous
that our president is donald trump
we might be at war and this guy you know
he's busy he's bragging
the president he gave a doozy of an
interview to rush limbaugh
during which he claimed among other
things to have wiped out isis
which he has not and boasted that he was
having dinner with mark zuckerberg
and zuckerberg congratulated him for
being quote number one
on facebook which he also is not
it's all he all he cares about is being
number one our country is being run by
the human equivalent of one of those
giant foam fingers you see at college
football games
he's not number one on facebook not even
in the top 20 on facebook it's just not
true in fact
this is such a lie mark zuckerberg
immediately posted it to facebook
uh we also don't know when or if the
dinner
these dinners he said they had took
place
it's entirely possible he just met some
guy in a hoodie and assumed it was mark
zuckerberg
and the president by the way isn't the
only one spreading misinformation a
republican congressman
paul gosar of arizona this guy if you're
not familiar with this guy he is the
congressman whose own siblings his
brothers and sisters
took out an attack ad against him during
the midterms
and endorsed his opponents but yesterday
he tweeted this photo of president obama
shaking hands with president rouhani of
iran with the caption
the world is a better place without
these guys in power and of course
this photo is fake obama never met the
guy
and the guy still the president of iran
he's not so anyway
after multiple people pointed out this
error
gosar doubled down and wrote number one
to the dim-witted reporters
like demedin 11. no one said this wasn't
photoshopped
no one said the president of iran was
dead no one said obama met with rouhani
in person
oh well okay no one said this was in
photoshop
is that the standard now you could post
whatever
thing you want and just leave it to us
to figure out if it's photo
because if that's the case i have a
photo of paul gosar
being spanked by jared from subway that
i would like a lot of people to see and
here is a
this is not a photoshop this is a real
photo of donald trump happily shaking
tiny hands with the guy who ordered the
murder of a reporter for the washington
post that is not photoshopped
but facebook is claiming to be cracking
down on all this fake business yesterday
they announced they're planning to ban
what are known as deep fake videos these
are videos
you've seen their morph to make it seem
like someone said or did something they
didn't
but facebook should just ban everything
besides birthdays
and pictures of our exes getting fat
that should be the whole thing
but this is serious stuff so before the
ban on deep fakes takes effect we wanted
to get one in under the wire
specifically this episode
of donald trump on the show toddlers and
[Music]
tiaras
[Applause]
gets upset you know um mom gets upset
too i mean you know melissa's upset
[Music]
[Applause]
there's no way of saying that that's not
true but that is part of her personality
some people don't like that kind of
personality but those people are jealous
[Music]
[Applause]
because i know i rock to the stage
that's where the tanning started
hi i'm jimmy kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose i wrote it and drew it all
the money i make
goes to children's hospitals across the
country and if you don't support that
you are a monster